Metrics transform processor: replace version in label values (#876)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/metricstransformprocessor/README.md

# aggregate away everything but `state` using summation
...
operations:
  - action: aggregate_labels
    label_set: [ state ]
    aggregation_type: sum
```

### Aggregate Label Values
```yaml
# combine slab_reclaimable & slab_unreclaimable by summation
...
operations:
  - action: aggregate_label_values
    label: state
    aggregated_values: [ slab_reclaimable, slab_unreclaimable ]
    new_value: slab 
    aggregation_type: sum
```

### Add a label to an existing metric
```yaml
...

> # add label `version` with value `opentelemetry collector v0.0.0` to all points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# add label `version` with value `opentelemetry collector vX.Y.Z` to all points
```

operations:
  - action: add_label
    new_label: version

>     new_value: opentelemetry collector {{version}}

Reviewer: nit: Ideally there should be a way to escape this and be able to pass the `{{version}}` string as is (without replacement).
Though in practice I doubt anyone would ever run into this limitation.

Reviewer: I guess it's possible that some other processor also does substitution for `{{version}}`, but in a different way / with a different value. In that case the ordering of processors will matter.
Still don't think this is a real issue though.

Author: Yea this is a very simple substitution so I only defined trivial semantics. Note it only applies the configured values themselves. I may come back and add something more sophisticated later.
